Review of "Solving determinantal systems using homotopy techniques"
by Jon D. Hauenstein, Mohab Safey El Din, Eric Schost, and Thi Xuan Vu,
submitted to the Journal of Symbolic Computation.

The paper proposes the application of symbolic homotopy continuation
methods to compute all isolated solutions of determinantal systems.
The algorithms are presented with a detailed cost analysis using 
the formalism of straight-line programs.  With the exception of a 
small running example, the paper contains no computational results.

The paper has three issues:
(1) its excessive length, (2) an incomplete reference list, and
(3) the lack of computational results.

(1) The total length of this paper is 60 pages.
Already the introduction takes up almost 9 pages.
The appendix starts at page 48.
Section 5 with the determinantal homotopy algorithm starts 
only at page 21.  Given that this algorithm could also be suitable
for a numerical, practical implementation, the paper would have been
more appealing to read if the steps in the homotopy algorithm would have
been illustrated on the running example and if the cost analysis,
which is specific to the formalism of straight-line programs would follow.

(2) The reference list is incomplete.  The authors cite [65], marking it 
as "One notable exception", but a precursor to those homotopies are the 
Pieri homotopies, which solve the output pole placement problem in linear
systems control, SIAM J. Control Optim. 38(4): 1265-1287, 2000. 
Example 3.3 on page 257 of ACM TOMS Algorithm 795: PHCpack, 1999,
briefly outlines the simplest instance.
As to this "so-called BKK bound" phrase in the submitted paper,
every polynomial has a Newton polytope, and polyhedral homotopies 
are generically optimal for sparse systems.
With the introduction of slack variables (as in the embeddings of
Journal of Complexity 16(3):572-602, 2000), polyhedral homotopies
apply just as well to overdetermined polynomial systems.
To illustrate the point that polyhedral homotopies are relevant both
to numerical and symbolic computing, consider the paper "Deformation 
techniques for sparse systems," Found. Comput. Math., 9:1-50, 2009.

(3) One major weakness in this paper, compared to [65], is that no 
computational results with an efficient implementation of the algorithms
proposed in this paper are known.  There is no point in citing [14], as
[14] is irrelevant to Schubert problems and symbolic homotopy continuation.

Small comment:
The word probabilistic should better already appear in the abstract.

Because of the above issues, this referee cannot recommend publication,
but is willing to consider a revised, restructured version.